[DOCS] Reorganizing Deployment on a Local System section (#2169)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/models_repository.md

Prediction results can be read from the response output map. By default, OpenVINO™ Model Server uses model tensor names as input and output names in 
prediction requests and responses. The client passes the input values to the request and reads the results by referring to the corresponding output names.

Here is an example of client code:

```python
input_tensorname = 'input'
request.inputs[input_tensorname].CopyFrom(make_tensor_proto(img, shape=(1, 3, 224, 224)))

.....

output_tensorname = 'resnet_v1_50/predictions/Reshape_1'
predictions = make_ndarray(result.outputs[output_tensorname])
```

- It is possible to adjust this behavior by adding an optional .json file named `mapping_config.json`. 
It can map the input and output keys to the appropriate tensors. This extra mapping can be used to enable user-friendly names for models with difficult tensor names.
Here is an example of mapping_config.json:

```json
{
       "inputs":{ 
          "tensor_name":"grpc_custom_input_name"
       },
       "outputs":{
          "tensor_name1":"grpc_output_key_name1",
          "tensor_name2":"grpc_output_key_name2"
       }
}
```

> 

Author: I have discussed it with @dtrawins and deemed it fit to remove this part entirely.

> 

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure, but I think this is the only place where we explain `mapping_config`. 
Seems like if we remove it, we have a blank spot - a model server functionality not covered in docs.

> 

Author: > I'm not entirely sure, but I think this is the only place where we explain `mapping_config`. Seems like if we remove it, we have a blank spot - a model server functionality not covered in docs.

I do believe it is the only place in docs that mentions the use of this .json file. I will restore this part.

> 

Author: It's been restored with the https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/pull/2169/commits/adc4dd477a5e47b48c5c8fead026ed0435aaebb2 commit.

> For more information on how to use cloud hosted models, refer to the [article](./using_cloud_storage.md).

Author: ````suggestion
- Each model defines input and output tensors in the AI graph. The client passes data to model input tensors by filling appropriate entries in the request input map. 
- Prediction results can be read from the response output map. By default, OpenVINO™ Model Server uses model tensor names as input and output names in prediction requests and responses. The client passes the input values to the request and reads the results by referring to the corresponding output names.

Here is an example of client code:

```python
input_tensorname = 'input'
request.inputs[input_tensorname].CopyFrom(make_tensor_proto(img, shape=(1, 3, 224, 224)))

.....

output_tensorname = 'resnet_v1_50/predictions/Reshape_1'
predictions = make_ndarray(result.outputs[output_tensorname])
```

- It is possible to adjust this behavior by adding an optional .json file named `mapping_config.json`. 
It can map the input and output keys to the appropriate tensors. This extra mapping can be used to enable user-friendly names for models with difficult tensor names. Here is an example of `mapping_config.json`:

```json
{
       "inputs":{ 
          "tensor_name":"grpc_custom_input_name"
       },
       "outputs":{
          "tensor_name1":"grpc_output_key_name1",
          "tensor_name2":"grpc_output_key_name2"
       }
}
```

For more information on how to use cloud hosted models, refer to the [article](./using_cloud_storage.md).

````

the version number in parameters, by default, the latest version is served.
- Every version folder _must_ include model files, that is, .bin and .xml for IR, .onnx for ONNX, .pdiparams and .pdmodel for Paddlepaddle. The file name can be arbitrary.

> For more information on how to use cloud hosted models, refer to the [article](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_docs_cloud_storage.html).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use cloud hosted models, refer to the [article](./using_cloud_storage.md).
```
